README.md, before:

A list of educational, self-initiated projects and test tasks.

### React.js

#### [startup-summer-22-paralect](https://subtle-queijadas-e1c923.netlify.app/)

Registration task for Paralect Startup Summer 2022.

- [Source code](https://github.com/tomkoom/startup-summer-22-paralect)

- [Task description](https://startup-summer-task.paralect.com/)

- [Design layout in Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/nPPYeW9okkBbIfxafG8XJP/Startup-Summer-2021-Task?node-id=0%3A1)

- [Live site](https://subtle-queijadas-e1c923.netlify.app/)

Keywords: react, api, github-api, spa, js, reactjs

–––

#### [ImageFinder](https://elinext-test.netlify.app/)

Image search and bookmarking app.

- [Source code & task description](https://github.com/tomkoom/elinext-test)

- [Live site](https://elinext-test.netlify.app/)

Keywords: react, api, bootstrap, pagination, spa, js, reactjs, localstorage, flickr-api

–––

#### [Pokemon Pagination App](https://pokemon-pagination-app.netlify.app/)

Pokemon pagination app.

- [Source code](https://github.com/tomkoom/pokemon-pagination-app)

- [Live site](https://pokemon-pagination-app.netlify.app/)

Keywords: react, api, bootstrap, pagination, reactjs, axios, pokeapi

–––

### JS

#### [Custom Video Player](https://rolling-scopes-school.github.io/tomkoom-JSFEPRESCHOOL/custom-video-player/)

Custom video player.

- [Task description](https://github.com/rolling-scopes-school/tasks/blob/master/tasks/js30/js30-4.md)

Keywords: js, html, css

–––

#### [Drum Kit](https://rolling-scopes-school.github.io/tomkoom-JSFEPRESCHOOL/drum-kit/)

- [Task description](https://github.com/rolling-scopes-school/tasks/blob/master/tasks/js30/js30.md)

Keywords: js, html, css

–––

#### [Responsive Nav](https://responsivenav1.netlify.app/)

- [Source code](https://github.com/tomkoom/responsive-nav)

Keywords: js, html, css

–––

#### [Dark Mode](https://simpledarkmode.netlify.app/)

JS theme switch.

- [Source code](https://github.com/tomkoom/dark-mode)

Keywords: js, html, css

–––

### HTML, CSS

#### [Museum (RS School)](https://rolling-scopes-school.github.io/tomkoom-JSFEPRESCHOOL/museum/)

- [Task description](https://github.com/rolling-scopes-school/tasks/blob/master/tasks/museum/museum.md)

Keywords: html, css

–––

#### [CV (RS School)](https://tomkoom.github.io/rsschool-cv/)

- [Source code](https://github.com/tomkoom/rsschool-cv)

- [Task description](https://github.com/rolling-scopes-school/tasks/blob/master/tasks/cv/html-css.md)

Keywords: html, css

–––

### Codewars

https://www.codewars.com/users/tomkoom

Commit message:

feat: add motoko projects section

README.md, after:

A list of educational, self-initiated projects and test tasks in chronological order.

### React.js

#### [startup-summer-22-paralect](https://subtle-queijadas-e1c923.netlify.app/)

Registration task for Paralect Startup Summer 2022.

- [Source code](https://github.com/tomkoom/startup-summer-22-paralect)

- [Task description](https://startup-summer-task.paralect.com/)

- [Design layout in Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/nPPYeW9okkBbIfxafG8XJP/Startup-Summer-2021-Task?node-id=0%3A1)

- [Live site](https://subtle-queijadas-e1c923.netlify.app/)

Keywords: react, api, github-api, spa, js, reactjs

–––

#### [ImageFinder](https://elinext-test.netlify.app/)

Image search and bookmarking app.

- [Source code & task description](https://github.com/tomkoom/elinext-test)

- [Live site](https://elinext-test.netlify.app/)

Keywords: react, api, bootstrap, pagination, spa, js, reactjs, localstorage, flickr-api

–––

#### [Pokemon Pagination App](https://pokemon-pagination-app.netlify.app/)

Pokemon pagination app.

- [Source code](https://github.com/tomkoom/pokemon-pagination-app)

- [Live site](https://pokemon-pagination-app.netlify.app/)

Keywords: react, api, bootstrap, pagination, reactjs, axios, pokeapi

–––

### [Motoko](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/build/languages/motoko/)

Motoko is smart contracts language on the Internet Computer network.

#### [NFT minting app](https://ys7ac-hyaaa-aaaai-qibga-cai.raw.ic0.app/)

Basic NFT minting app on the Internet Computer network.

- [Source code](https://github.com/tomkoom/nftminter)

- [Task description](https://github.com/motoko-bootcamp/bootcamp/blob/main/core_project/PROJECT.MD)

- [Live site](https://ys7ac-hyaaa-aaaai-qibga-cai.raw.ic0.app/)

### JS

#### [Custom Video Player](https://rolling-scopes-school.github.io/tomkoom-JSFEPRESCHOOL/custom-video-player/)

Custom video player.

- [Task description](https://github.com/rolling-scopes-school/tasks/blob/master/tasks/js30/js30-4.md)

- [Live site](https://rolling-scopes-school.github.io/tomkoom-JSFEPRESCHOOL/custom-video-player/)

Keywords: js, html, css

–––

#### [Drum Kit](https://rolling-scopes-school.github.io/tomkoom-JSFEPRESCHOOL/drum-kit/)

- [Task description](https://github.com/rolling-scopes-school/tasks/blob/master/tasks/js30/js30.md)

- [Live site](https://rolling-scopes-school.github.io/tomkoom-JSFEPRESCHOOL/drum-kit/)

Keywords: js, html, css

–––

#### [Responsive Nav](https://responsivenav1.netlify.app/)

- [Source code](https://github.com/tomkoom/responsive-nav)

- [Live site](https://responsivenav1.netlify.app/)

Keywords: js, html, css

–––

#### [Dark Mode](https://simpledarkmode.netlify.app/)

JS theme switch.

- [Source code](https://github.com/tomkoom/dark-mode)

Keywords: js, html, css

–––

### HTML, CSS

#### [Museum (RS School)](https://rolling-scopes-school.github.io/tomkoom-JSFEPRESCHOOL/museum/)

- [Task description](https://github.com/rolling-scopes-school/tasks/blob/master/tasks/museum/museum.md)

- [Live site](https://rolling-scopes-school.github.io/tomkoom-JSFEPRESCHOOL/museum/)

Keywords: html, css

–––

#### [CV (RS School)](https://tomkoom.github.io/rsschool-cv/)

- [Source code](https://github.com/tomkoom/rsschool-cv)

- [Task description](https://github.com/rolling-scopes-school/tasks/blob/master/tasks/cv/html-css.md)

- [Live site](https://tomkoom.github.io/rsschool-cv/)

Keywords: html, css

–––

### Codewars

https://www.codewars.com/users/tomkoom
